What are you doing?
I'm so sorry.
Alpha Logan.
I've heard of knocking before entering someone's room.
Excuse me, Alpha Ryan, I just need to discipline this unruly Omega.
You're good for nothing out there.
You'd be so close to Alpha Ryan.
She didn't do anything wrong.
Everything's been satisfactory.
She can go now.
Let's start now.
I'll walk you back.
Damn it.
Doesn't want a woman near him.
Bullshit!
Alpha.
Got that maid's phone number.
Who is this?
I'm the maid you've never met before.
Your maid's weakness to me.
Yes, sir.
I'll send it to you now.
All right.
Logan, you should kick this thief out of the pack.
For Logan, I didn't do anything.
Kiss my ring.
And all will be forgiven.
But I didn't do anything.
Why would I apologize?
I am your Alpha.
Disobated me and I will have you banished from this pack.
Logan, you can't be serious.
She's a thief.
You can't forgive her.
Don't tell me you actually have feelings for her and intend for her to become your Luna.
My father promised you to marry Logan before he died.
You're not marrying my brother.
Get out.
I don't even care.
I don't want to be in this pack.
Stop.
You're not taking anything I've given you.
Look at that food or anything else.
End your clothes.